Make definition of replacement mentor clearer (#198)
DFE-Digital/register-early-career-teachers-public: documentation/glossary.md

## Replacement mentors

> A mentor that is new to provider-led training joining ECF mentor training to replace an existing mentor. Currently, we know a mentor is a replacement mentor is a lead provider submits over the API they are on a replacement mentor schedule. This mentor needs new funding allocated to them for their training. But they do not count towards a lead provider's contract performance metrics for training. Only the first mentor for the early career teacher is counted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A mentor that is new to provider-led training joining ECF mentor training to replace an existing mentor. Currently, we know a mentor is a replacement mentor when a lead provider submits over the API they are on a replacement mentor schedule. This mentor needs new funding allocated to them for their training, however they do not count towards a lead provider's contract performance metrics for training. Only the first mentor for an early career teacher is counted.
```

> A mentor that is new to provider-led training joining ECF mentor training to replace an existing mentor. Currently, we know a mentor is a replacement mentor when a lead provider submits over the API they are on a replacement mentor schedule. This mentor needs new funding allocated to them for their training, however they do not count towards a lead provider's contract performance metrics for training. Only the first mentor for an early career teacher is counted.

Author: ```suggestion
A mentor that is new to provider-led mentor training joining this training to replace an existing mentor. Currently, we know a mentor is a replacement mentor when a lead provider submits over the API they are on a replacement mentor schedule. This mentor needs new funding allocated to them for their training, however they do not count towards a lead provider's contract performance metrics for training. Only the first mentor for an early career teacher is counted.
```
